auto_register/README.md, before:

# 自动注册脚本

这是一个自动化注册脚本，可以：
1. 自动登录 Outlook 邮箱
2. 打开指定网页并完成注册
3. 自动获取验证码并填写

## 功能特点

- 自动登录 Outlook
- 自动获取验证码
- 自动填写注册表单
- 支持自定义注册页面
- 包含错误处理机制

## 安装要求

1. Python 3.7 或更高版本
2. Chrome 浏览器
3. 安装依赖包：
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## 使用方法

1. 编辑 `.env` 文件，填入必要信息：
   ```
   OUTLOOK_EMAIL=your_email@outlook.com
   OUTLOOK_PASSWORD=your_password
   IMAP_SERVER=outlook.office365.com
   REGISTRATION_URL=your_registration_url
   ```

2. 运行脚本：
   ```bash
   python auto_register.py
   ```

## 注意事项

- 请确保您的 Outlook 账号已启用 IMAP 访问
- 脚本中的 CSS 选择器需要根据实际的注册页面进行调整
- 验证码获取逻辑可能需要根据实际的邮件格式进行调整
- 如果遇到验证码识别问题，可能需要手动处理

## 安全提示

- 请妥善保管您的账号密码
- 不要将包含真实密码的 `.env` 文件分享给他人
- 建议定期更改密码

## 自定义配置

如果需要修改注册页面的元素选择器，请编辑 `auto_register.py` 文件中的 `register_account` 函数，根据实际的页面元素修改相应的 CSS 选择器。

Commit message:

Update readme file to English

auto_register/README.md, after:

# Automatic Registration Script

This is an automated registration script that can:
1. Automatically log in to Outlook email
2. Open a specified webpage and complete registration
3. Automatically retrieve and fill in verification codes

## Features

- Automatic Outlook login
- Automatic verification code retrieval
- Automatic form filling
- Support for custom registration pages
- Error handling mechanism

## Requirements

1. Python 3.7 or higher
2. Chrome browser
3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Usage

1. Edit the `.env` file with your information:
   ```
   OUTLOOK_EMAIL=your_email@outlook.com
   OUTLOOK_PASSWORD=your_password
   IMAP_SERVER=outlook.office365.com
   REGISTRATION_URL=your_registration_url
   ```

2. Run the script:
   ```bash
   python auto_register.py
   ```

## Notes

- Ensure your Outlook account has IMAP access enabled
- CSS selectors in the script need to be adjusted according to the actual registration page
- Verification code retrieval logic may need to be adjusted based on the actual email format
- Manual intervention may be required if verification code recognition fails

## Security Tips

- Keep your account credentials secure
- Do not share the `.env` file containing real passwords
- Change passwords regularly

## Custom Configuration

To modify the registration page element selectors, edit the `register_account` function in `auto_register.py` and adjust the CSS selectors according to the actual page elements.
